[Music]
Hello my loves, how are you? Well,
I hope you're enjoying the day. I'm
having a wonderful morning. I
have to read this tweet that
Maria Patiño posted at noon, which
I find a bit tiresome, haha, I mean, you're already
winning the IACHR and here's my weapon. No
one can move you from there anymore. Besides, it seems that they
're giving you lots of awards, they're not
placing you on all the
TV factory programs. You've already won them,
my daughter. There's no need to keep
fighting. This is related to
Saturday's Sálvame de Luxe. Okay, look,
in a previous video, I was telling you about
the laughs, not Jorge Javier's,
making fun of Toñi Moreno. Well,
look at the tweet that Maria Patiño posted:
Living without censorship, senseless hours.
Well, here, obviously, I think she's
making a dig at Olga
Moreno because he censors questions, not
according to her, he would censor questions or he objects to
topics that shouldn't be asked in
interviews. And I'm wondering, Maria
Patiño, did I have these issues in court?
Why did you tell Antonio's lawyer?  David
according to what he said in the interrogation the
other day he didn't answer the questions
what's wrong with you that you demand that others
answer questions on television and
you in court which is where you are supposed to
be calm that they
ask you whatever they ask you and
in the explanations that are needed there
you don't answer
but you're going to tell him that Rosito
also rice you can ask her on
set when you have her there all kinds of
questions and all kinds of collaborators
the question is how things are going
anyway what am I going to tell you about Maria Patiño
the truth is that it seems to me that she has a
lamentable attitude it's like she's acting
like a headless chicken she doesn't care about looking
good the only thing she wants is her
job so that they don't lack it
because the one who is going to have
the television factory is going down and she's on
the program Maria Patiño surely won't
have it other producers things
as they are not here is where a
fight for the position has already been sought will it will it will play
because up to half the possible side
I want to remind you that she was playing for the
week and she was there but well they
hit her  The shot was in the ear and he's
very well deserving of his pat on the
back. What do you think, families?
I send you a huge hug. I love you
so much. See you in the next
video.
[Music]